Update README.md (#2)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-gettingstarted: README.md

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/NordicSemiconductor/Wayland/_apis/build/status/nrf-framework-courses?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/NordicSemiconductor/Wayland/_build/latest?definitionId=15&branchName=master)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Modified%20BSD%20License-blue.svg)](LICENSE)

*nRF Connect Getting Started Assistant* is a tool to guide through the process of setting up the nRF Connect SDK toolchain.

![screenshot](resources/screenshot.gif)

## Installation

> See the [InfoCenter](https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/topic/ug_nrfconnect_ble/UG/common/nrf_connect_app_installing.html) pages for information on how to install the application.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [InfoCenter](https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/index.jsp?topic=%2Fstruct_nrftools%2Fstruct%2Fnrftools_nrfconnect.html) pages for information on how to install the application.
```
